An author praised Trump on "Fox and Friends." Hours later, his book had a presidential endorsement. Analysis: Three months in, President Trump and Paul Ryan have a … complicated relationship Trump jokes with Easter Egg Roll attendees, throws ‘Make America Great Again’ hat back into crowd What Windows users should know about the latest bugs revealed by NSA leakers Analysis: On drug policy, one Trump administration official stands apart Analysis: "The Last Jedi" and "Force Awakens" trailers look very similar when you put them side-by-side Analysis: The myth of the disillusioned Trump voter Perspective: Of course "Girls" spoke to my life. Its brilliance is that it could speak to everyone’s. Meet your Boston Marathon winners RT @PostWorldNews: Jews from North Africa celebrate the end of Passover at a traditional Mimouna party in Jerusalem. @reglash is live https…Why it’s a bad idea to space out your child’s vaccination shots RT @ByMoriah: Want egg-stra coverage of the White House Easter Egg Roll? Check out @washingtonpost's Snapchat. Analysis: President Trump’s "impulsive" problem Analysis: Trump called Alex Jones "amazing." Jones’s own lawyer calls him a "performance artist." Control of Congress aside, Americans view the GOP as the more divided party Ahead of Democratic unity tour, Sanders says party "should have put more resources" into Kansas United booted a couple traveling to their wedding, just days after public relations fiasco Multistate manhunt underway for suspect in Facebook homicide video "Servers, stop handing the check to my husband. I can pay, too." She was attacked 50 years ago for being a woman as she ran the Boston Marathon. Today, she runs it again at 70. Opinion: This brutal new poll shows that fewer and fewer people believe Trump’s lies Analysis: Confidence that Trump will keep his promises sinks — but there’s only one group he needs to worry about Kathrine Switzer returns to the Boston Marathon a hero, 50 years after making history Opinion: Why Trump cannot brush off demands for his taxes Trump plugs "Reasons to Vote for Democrats" book filled with blank pages For the first time on record, human-caused climate change has rerouted an entire river Now that "Girls" is over, let’s rank each character’s fate The number of Americans who think Trump keeps his promises is plummeting Against all odds, a leftist soars in French election polls This Harvard study found the one thing we need for happier, healthier lives. But there’s more to learn. Why Turkish opposition parties are contesting the referendum results Hallmarks of Soviet postwar building boom finally meeting their demise Analysis: Racism motivated Trump voters more than authoritarianism or income inequality 17-year-old girl dies from shark attack while surfing, with her mother and sisters looking on NASA just snapped the first photos of a mysterious crack in one of Greenland’s largest glaciers "Golden Boy" Olympian who disappeared in 2015 resurfaces. He now faces fraud charges. Arkansas fights to carry out unprecedented wave of executions In divided Turkey, opposition groups challenge vote shifting powers to President Erdogan At the Kiron, Iowa, Quik Mart: "You can figure out Steve King by understanding all of us" On weed, homeland security chief and attorney general could hardly be further apart What does Trump have to hide? Secretive White House unapologetic about clawing back transparency Which state sends the most tax dollars to the IRS? Hint: It’s not a state. A complete guide to every reference in Melissa McCarthy's epic Sean Spicer sketch on SNL Analysis: Trump has spent one out of every five minutes of his presidency in Palm Beach Trump’s foreign policy: Speak very loudly and carry a big stick The White House Easter Egg Roll’s rich history and tradition is now in President Trump’s hands China’s Korea policy "in tatters" as both North and South defy sanctions He hugged his family and said, "I’ll see you next time," before being gunned down on Facebook video Pence tells North Korea not to test American resolve, offering Syria and Afghanistan strikes as examples Charles Barkley "uncomfortable" as Isaiah Thomas cries, playing one day after sister’s death "Extraordinary, good man": A Utah judge’s description of a former Mormon bishop convicted of rape 21,000 people and 18,000 eggs: the Trump White House braces for its first Easter Egg Roll 117-year-old woman, believed to be the last surviving person born in the 1800s, has died at home in Italy A boring business that Warren Buffett would love RT @PostWorldNews: Emmanuel Macron wants to become the youngest president in French history. @griffwitte is live from his rally This sport helps women find strength and camaraderie as they age Perspective: People don’t like paying taxes. That’s because they don’t understand them 5-year-old dies after getting crushed in Atlanta rotating restaurant EPA emerges as major target after Trump solicits policy advice from industry Big Sur usually can’t keep people away. Right now, it’s practically deserted.Multistate manhunt underway for suspect in Facebook homicide video The slow fade of Kiron, Iowa, population 229 Amid the insanity of playoff hockey, one Leafs fan (and his cigarette) stand out How bad are things for Dems? A blank book mocking them is Amazon’s top seller. (And Trump just tweeted about it.) In "Henrietta Lacks," Oprah Winfrey reveals one woman’s remarkable legacy This woman is strong and healthy at 90. Here’s how she does it The Berkeley rally aftermath: Mass arrests, a stabbing and weaponized Pepsi Analysis: What Erdogan’s narrow referendum victory means for Turkey Here’s why Turkish opposition parties are contesting the referendum results Authorities say they have found the killer of Google's Vanessa Marcotte This is the most delightful scene in six seasons of "Girls" Art critic: I went to Kusama and all I got was this lousy selfie Trump’s deputy national security adviser won’t say whether she’s being redeployed to Singapore "Nobody's got to use the Internet": A GOP lawmaker's response to concerns about Web privacy Fact Checker: Do members of Congress pay for 100 percent of their health insurance? How realistic were the apartments on "Girls"?
Perspective: Great local reporting stands between you and wrongdoing. And it needs saving. Reports about torture of gays in Chechnya produce no investigation, just threats against journalists Two Republican lawmakers face anger, from their own voters, on health care Vice President Pence makes surprise stop to demilitarized zone during Korea trip As tensions with North Korea flare, Trump spends quiet weekend at Mar-a-Lago Melania Trump seemed like a rebellious first lady. She’s turning out to be a retro one. Only 2 of the 300 case studies read by first-year Harvard Business School students include black executives RT @PostWorldNews: 'Turkey has spoken its mind': Erdogan claims victory and sweeping new powers after contested referendum Teaching my daughter the art of negotiation They are tokens of grief. They are testaments of generosity. They are relics of heroism RT @PostSports: John Wall, with an array of jaw-dropping plays, leads Wizards to 114-107 Game 1 win over Hawks Sebastian Gorka likes to be called "Dr. Gorka." He gets his way only in conservative media. The anguishing, "knee-buckling" death of former NFL player Todd Heap’s daughter Here's what United will do differently after the infamous dragging incident After a day of marches, Trump asks why people are still talking about his taxes Even Canadians are skipping trips to the U.S. after Trump travel ban White House says report about President Trump wanting a golden carriage ride is "completely false" Against all odds, a communist soars in French election polls "All of this grief": Prince Harry opens up about his mental health Protests sweeping South America show rising antigovernment anger Opinion: "I’m a rabbi. Here’s why my congregation offers sanctuary to undocumented immigrants" Answering Trump's request, businesses target over 150 regulations for elimination, mostly in EPA and Labor Dept. HBO’s "Girls" goes out as the one thing it always wanted to be: A good TV show Police and the FBI seek man who broadcast on Facebook the fatal shooting of a man on a Cleveland sidewalk In Kiron, Iowa, pop. 229, the meaning of a life, a death and another cup of coffee  Trump says he can’t be sued for violence at his campaign rallies because he won the election On Easter, Mary Magdalene will be maligned as a prostitute. Except she wasn’t.
 via @petuladCongressional Democrats fear Trump has barred key federal workers from speaking to them Opinion: No wonder voters despise politicians "Nobody's got to use the Internet": A GOP lawmaker's response to concerns about Web privacy How the "Fast and the Furious" franchise became one of the few things the world could agree on Germany to appeal first ruling allowing Nazi-looted art claim against it in U.S. court Opinion: French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen’s loathsome rewriting of Holocaust history  via @PostOpinionsHere's what United will do differently after the infamous dragging incident A complete guide to every reference in Melissa McCarthy's epic Sean Spicer skit on SNL Airlines say they’re overbooking less. But passengers say they’re discriminating more. Analysis: If Jeff Sessions wants to crack down on medical marijuana, he’ll have to battle more than half the country Egypt frees U.S. charity worker held for three years in pretrial detention Joe Biden's son Hunter and his wife, Kathleen, are said to have finalized their divorce "First protest in space" targets Trump with an astronaut’s famous words A complete guide to every reference in Melissa McCarthy's epic Sean Spicer sketch on SNL She broke the story of Chechnya’s anti-gay purge. Now, she says she has to flee Russia A homeless family needed shelter. They were given tickets to another state Virginia Tech was not the worst school massacre in U.S. history. This was Video: Take a ride on a conveyor belt to see how Peeps are born!  Opinion: United Airlines’ bad week won’t matter — and we have ourselves to blame Watch April the giraffe's calf attempt its first steps Five myths about the cross  via @PostOpinionsGOP and Democratic lawmakers point to China as key to resolving North Korea tensions North Korea didn’t test a nuclear weapon, but it did try to launch another missile Facebook fights fake news online with full-page print newspaper ads Turkey's Erdogan declares victory in close referendum to expand his powers, but opposition parties contest results Analysis: Asian Americans used to be portrayed as villains. How did they become a "model minority"?  via @WonkblogOpinion: "My father was killed at Virginia Tech. I’m still fighting the NRA’s dangerous agenda" RT @PostWorldNews: Egypt frees U.S. aid worker after she spent three years in pretrial detention Authorities say they have found the killer of Google's Vanessa Marcotte North Korea tops Pence’s agenda during four-nation Asia trip No claims of responsibility yet for bomb that killed over 100 Syrians being evacuated from a besieged town Opinion: 10 years after the Virginia Tech massacre, Virginia still falls short on mental health care Fallon returns to SNL as Jared Kushner, wearing khakis and bulletproof vest Here's one thing United will do differently after the infamous dragging incident North Korea tops Vice President Pence’s agenda during four-nation Asia trip Trump national security adviser: "Range of options" being developed to respond to North Korea Why Trump's wall contradicts today's immigration trends Perspective: Easter changed the course of history, though not in ways we might expect A mysterious crack has appeared in one of Greenland’s largest glaciers At Easter, Trump has yet to find a church home in D.C. Review: Hey, hey, it’s the Monkees!
President Trump breaks silence on North Korea, defends reversal on China One little drop of your blood may someday predict how long you’ll live RT @PostWorldNews: Turks head to polls to decide whether to give President Erdogan vastly increased powers Opinion: "Fearless Girl" and "Charging Bull" are more alike than you’d think For seniors, these vital tips can help you age well: Rod Carew got a new heart, kidney from a former Baltimore Ravens tight end Perspective: Knicks President Phil Jackson emerges to point the finger at everyone but himself April the giraffe finally had her baby. It's a boy. RT @chriscmooney: NASA just snapped the first photos of a new crack in one of Greenland's largest glaciers  Walking Jesus’ walk, with a modern twist this Easter season After a day of marches, Trump asks why people are still talking about his taxes Donations to tribes by Daniel Snyder’s Redskins foundation plummet in second year, records show Pence calls North Korea's failed missile test a "provocation" Ten years later, these emotional keepsakes serve as reminders of the Virginia Tech shooting Distance — and a $1.5 billion lawsuit — couldn’t keep this couple apart
How President Trump is — and is not — changing what it means to be American Congressional Democrats fear Trump has barred key federal workers from speaking to them Analysis: Somebody just put a price tag on the 2016 election. It’s a doozy. Apple is finally going to test self-driving cars Jimmy Fallon returns to SNL, playing Jared Kushner "SNL" imagines the personal life of the guy who dragged a man off a United flight. Also, Pepsi. "I’m a rabbi. Here’s why my congregation offers sanctuary to undocumented immigrants." Trump wants to give the rich a big tax cut. Here’s what his supporters want: Melania Trump seemed like a rebellious first lady. She’s turning out to be a retro one. North Korea launched a missile but it blew up almost immediately, the U.S. military said. Personal space: It’s losing ground at your local bar
Republicans may not want Trump to end Obamacare payments Trump says he can’t be sued for violence at his campaign rallies because he won the election California regulator cites Uber, alleging lax handing of drunk drivers In your 20s and not worried about aging issues? Think again. This floating medical clinic offers a lifeline for the indigenous poor of the Amazon: Mike Tyson asks Gov. Chris Christie to pass along a strange message to President Trump You’re middle-aged — this is the perfect time to work on staying healthy Opinion: "Yes, Rex Tillerson, U.S. taxpayers should care about Ukraine. Here’s why." Opinion: Trump is now destroying a healthy health-care system Trump fans and foes clash in Berkeley, Calif., sparking violence and multiple arrests A homeless family needed shelter. They were given bus tickets to another state. Here's one thing United will do differently after the infamous dragging incident Analysis | Here are the missiles North Korea just showed off, one by one. Analysis | Asian Americans used to be portrayed as the villains. How did they become a "model minority"? Trump says he can't be sued for violence at his rallies because he won the election "13 Reasons Why" depicts a graphic suicide. Experts say there’s a problem with that.
On "Saturday Night Live," Jimmy Fallon stays soft on Trump Stroke rates appear to be rising steadily in young adults "Nobody's got to use the Internet": A GOP lawmaker's response to concerns about Web privacy Perspective: Remember when the White House had faith? "Houston, we have a problem": The amazing history of the iconic Apollo 13 misquote Opinion: United Airlines’ bad week won’t matter — and we have ourselves to blame Everyone is bugging out over the grasshoppers they’re selling at Mariners games "Saturday Night Live" hosting gig will test Jimmy Fallon’s toughness on Trump Brazil’s response to a huge yellow fever outbreak: Kill the monkeys How realistic are New York apartments on TV shows? NASA just snapped the first photos of a new crack in one of Greenland’s largest glaciers April the giraffe finally had her baby. It's a boy. David Villa scores the MLS goal of the year from long range for NYCFC Marine Le Pen wants to kill the European Union. But it actually helps pay her bills. Analysis: On drug policy, one Trump administration official stands apart An author praised Trump on "Fox and Friends." Hours later, his book had a presidential endorsement. Analysis: "The Last Jedi" and "Force Awakens" trailers look very similar when you put them side-by-side Perspective: Of course "Girls" spoke to my life. Its brilliance is that it could speak to everyone’s. Analysis: Three months in, President Trump and Paul Ryan have a … complicated relationship Why it’s a bad idea to space out your child’s vaccination shots Analysis: The myth of the disillusioned Trump voter Trump jokes with Easter Egg Roll attendees, throws ‘Make America Great Again’ hat back into crowd Meet your Boston Marathon winners Analysis: President Trump’s "impulsive" problem Multistate manhunt underway for suspect in Facebook homicide video RT @PostWorldNews: Jews from North Africa celebrate the end of Passover at a traditional Mimouna party in Jerusalem. @reglash is live https…RT @ByMoriah: Want egg-stra coverage of the White House Easter Egg Roll? Check out @washingtonpost's Snapchat. United booted a couple traveling to their wedding, just days after public relations fiasco "Servers, stop handing the check to my husband. I can pay, too." Kathrine Switzer returns to the Boston Marathon a hero, 50 years after making history What Windows users should know about the latest bugs revealed by NSA leakers Control of Congress aside, Americans view the GOP as the more divided party She was attacked 50 years ago for being a woman as she ran the Boston Marathon. Today, she runs it again at 70. Opinion: This brutal new poll shows that fewer and fewer people believe Trump’s lies Analysis: Confidence that Trump will keep his promises sinks — but there’s only one group he needs to worry about Trump plugs "Reasons to Vote for Democrats" book filled with blank pages 17-year-old girl dies from shark attack while surfing, with her mother and sisters looking on Analysis: Trump called Alex Jones "amazing." Jones’s own lawyer calls him a "performance artist." Opinion: Why Trump cannot brush off demands for his taxes Why Turkish opposition parties are contesting the referendum results Against all odds, a leftist soars in French election polls The number of Americans who think Trump keeps his promises is plummeting Charles Barkley "uncomfortable" as Isaiah Thomas cries, playing one day after sister’s death For the first time on record, human-caused climate change has rerouted an entire river Now that "Girls" is over, let’s rank each character’s fate Hallmarks of Soviet postwar building boom finally meeting their demise Which state sends the most tax dollars to the IRS? Hint: It’s not a state. Ahead of Democratic unity tour, Sanders says party "should have put more resources" into Kansas Analysis: Trump has spent one out of every five minutes of his presidency in Palm Beach This Harvard study found the one thing we need for happier, healthier lives. But there’s more to learn. Analysis: Racism motivated Trump voters more than authoritarianism or income inequality In divided Turkey, opposition groups challenge vote shifting powers to President Erdogan Arkansas fights to carry out unprecedented wave of executions What does Trump have to hide? Secretive White House unapologetic about clawing back transparency How bad are things for Dems? A blank book mocking them is Amazon’s top seller. (And Trump just tweeted about it.) "Golden Boy" Olympian who disappeared in 2015 resurfaces. He now faces fraud charges. NASA just snapped the first photos of a mysterious crack in one of Greenland’s largest glaciers On weed, homeland security chief and attorney general could hardly be further apart A complete guide to every reference in Melissa McCarthy's epic Sean Spicer sketch on SNL RT @PostWorldNews: Emmanuel Macron wants to become the youngest president in French history. @griffwitte is live from his rally A boring business that Warren Buffett would love "All of this grief": Prince Harry opens up about his mental health The White House Easter Egg Roll’s rich history and tradition is now in President Trump’s hands Trump’s foreign policy: Speak very loudly and carry a big stick This sport helps women find strength and camaraderie as they age At the Kiron, Iowa, Quik Mart: "You can figure out Steve King by understanding all of us" 117-year-old woman, believed to be the last surviving person born in the 1800s, has died at home in Italy EPA emerges as major target after Trump solicits policy advice from industry Pence tells North Korea not to test American resolve, offering Syria and Afghanistan strikes as examples Perspective: People don’t like paying taxes. That’s because they don’t understand them He hugged his family and said, "I’ll see you next time," before being gunned down on Facebook video "Extraordinary, good man": A Utah judge’s description of a former Mormon bishop convicted of rape China’s Korea policy "in tatters" as both North and South defy sanctions This woman is strong and healthy at 90. Here’s how she does it Multistate manhunt underway for suspect in Facebook homicide video Authorities say they have found the killer of Google's Vanessa Marcotte Here’s why Turkish opposition parties are contesting the referendum results Amid the insanity of playoff hockey, one Leafs fan (and his cigarette) stand out Art critic: I went to Kusama and all I got was this lousy selfie Trump’s deputy national security adviser won’t say whether she’s being redeployed to Singapore How realistic were the apartments on "Girls"?
The Berkeley rally aftermath: Mass arrests, a stabbing and weaponized Pepsi In "Henrietta Lacks," Oprah Winfrey reveals one woman’s remarkable legacy 21,000 people and 18,000 eggs: the Trump White House braces for its first Easter Egg Roll Big Sur usually can’t keep people away. Right now, it’s practically deserted.5-year-old dies after getting crushed in Atlanta rotating restaurant The slow fade of Kiron, Iowa, population 229 This is the most delightful scene in six seasons of "Girls" 