WATCH LIVE: Cleveland authorities give an update on the manhunt for Facebook murder suspect  Federal taxes: Where does your state rank?  Bruce Langhorne, a musician who inspired Bob Dylan's song "Mr. Tambourine Man," has died  Authorities say a military helicopter has crashed in southern Maryland The long, rough ride ahead for "Made in America"  A mother uses marijuana as a way to ease her Postpartum depression symptoms: "Cannabis has made me a better parent"… PHOTOS: Trump family kicks off White House Easter Egg Roll  As the law and social attitudes evolve, more Americans are incorporating pot into their family lives… WATCH LIVE: White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer holds a briefing  RT @YahooCelebrity: Do you care whether a celebrity smokes marijuana? Find out how many agree, according to a new Yahoo News/Marist Poll ht…Donald Trump Jr.'s t-shirt backfires  RT @YahooTV: On @KUWTK, @KimKardashian skipped Angel gala to be by @KanyeWest's side after his breakdown:  Manhunt intensifies for Cleveland murder suspect: "We're not gonna stop until he's in custody"… Will free college catch on? N.Y. plan raises doubts l  Supreme Court sidesteps debate over illegal immigration  PHOTOS: History of the White House Easter Egg Roll  Trump targets "super Liberal Democrat" Ossoff ahead of key Georgia election  Alex Jones, the Infowars conspiracy guru, is just playing a part, his lawyer says  Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson says execution plan just part of the job  RT @YahooTV: Review: The @GirlsHBO series finale eschewed gimmicks and gave fans a well-written, well-acted ep, says @KenTucker: Kenya's Edna Kiplagat wins the women's division of the Boston Marathon  How Prince got the drug that killed him  Police search for Ohio man suspected of killing an elderly man and posting video of the crime on Facebook… COMING UP: President Trump speaks at the 139th White House Easter Egg Roll  Trump targets "super Liberal Democrat" Ossoff ahead of key Georgia election  Marijuana use has become surprisingly open and acceptable in families where adults use marijuana… Weed hits home: In a new Yahoo News/Marist Poll, parents and children are surprisingly open about pot use… Dozens of people are still missing after Sri Lankan garbage collapse  Justice Neil Gorsuch's impact on upcoming Supreme Court decisions  Everything you need to know about the White House Easter Egg Roll  Kenya's Geoffrey Kirui wins the men's division of the Boston Marathon  "Cannabis has made me a better parent": One mom's confession  RT @dklaidman: Why Jeff Sessions' war on weed may be doomed from the start @YahooNews @Isikoff Police search for Ohio man suspected of killing an elderly man and posting video of the crime on Facebook… President Donald Trump will travel to Wisconsin this week to speak at a local factory  Trump Easter Egg Roll to kick off with a golden flair  U.K. lawmakers are calling on the government to strip Bashar al-Assad's wife of her British citizenship… How Republicans and Democrats in Congress are joining forces to defeat Sessions' war on weed  RT @YahooMusic: Coachella 2017 Sunday: Hans Zimmer Is the New (Lion) King of the Festival Circuit RT @GMA: COMING UP ON @GMA: Weed and American family - new report on use across country with surprising headline that majority of users are…Scene of Trump and giant bunny sends Twitter hopping  VP Mike Pence warns North Korea: The "era of strategic patience is over"  Chechen leader decries 'attack' over gay persecution reports  Virginia Tech marking 10 years after shooting that killed 32  RT @TheVertical: After losing sister in a tragic accident, Isaiah Thomas showed a special brand of toughness. @ChrisMannixYS column. https:…These mothers of suicides don’t think marijuana is harmless  ISIS uses chemical weapons against Iraqi forces taking part in the operation to recapture Mosul… RT @meganliberman: Alex Jones's lawyer says he isn't really a conspiracy theorist, he just plays one on TV.  via @Ya…South Korean prosecutors charge ousted president Park Geun-hye with bribery  Biggest concern is that Kim Jong Un will “miscalculate,” U.S. military official says  WATCH LIVE: President Trump speaks at the 139th White House Easter Egg Roll  Trump asserts China is working with the U.S. on "the North Korea problem"  Cannabis advocate Melissa Etheridge: "I'd much rather have a smoke with my grown kids than a drink"… Mark Hamill says he'd like to play George Lucas in a movie  RT @AndrewRomano: 47% of parents who use pot have used it in front of—or WITH—their kids. My story on @Yahoo's big new weed poll:   https:/…RT @YahooFinance: Here's everything we expect from Facebook's huge conference @DanielHowley  Vice President Mike Pence warns North Korea during a visit to the Demilitarized Zone on his trip to South Korea… Bruce Langhorne, musician who was the inspiration for Bob Dylan’s song "Mr. Tambourine Man,” has died These are the 8 inmates Arkansas was planning to execute this month  Earnings rush — What you need to know in markets this week  "If my family come, they will kill me. If I go back to Saudi Arabia, I will be dead.”  RT @Isikoff: Sneak attack on AG Sessions: @GroverNorquist plots to slip tax breaks 4 legal pot dealers into tax reform bill VP Mike Pence warns North Korea: The "era of strategic patience is over"  Lawmakers across US move to include young people in voting  Trump taunts Tax March protesters: ‘The election is over!’  Will New York's first-in-the-nation free tuition program for college students spread to other states? Doubtful… Secret U.K. tomb found to contain remains of 5 archbishops  Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson discusses his extraordinary plan to execute eight inmates in 11 days… Idaho man pushes best friend in wheelchair as they trek 500 miles across Spain  After Florida declared a state of emergency on Tuesday, there are still 110 active fires covering 20,285 acres Iraqi Christians mark first Easter after ISIS in their recaptured town  Mass evacuation in Syria to proceed after deadly blast  It's been nearly a year since Prince’s death and the investigation appears to be going slowly… Pope decries 'vile' attack on Syrians in Easter address  Weed hits home: In a new Yahoo News/Marist Poll, parents and children are surprisingly open about pot use… United kicks couple headed to their wedding off plane  Mass transit advocates hope for boost from highway collapse  Cairo court acquits Egyptian-American of human trafficking charges  Pakistan hate speech investigation against clerics after student killed for alleged blasphemy… Remembering the massacre at Virginia Tech 10 years later  Turkey's Erdogan eyes referendum win; critics claim fraud  Trump lashes out after Tax March protest: ‘The election is over!’  North Korean test missile 'fizzles' hours before Pence arrives in South  Wall Street banker Cohn moving Trump toward moderate policies  Meet the woman behind the White House Easter Egg Roll  Military seeks civilians with high-tech skills to counter ISIS  South Korean prosecutors charge ousted president Park Geun-hye with bribery  Justice Gorsuch's first week on the Supreme Court features a case about the separation of church and state… McMaster casts doubt on U.S. sending more troops to Syria  U.S. senators say food aid constraints delay help amid famine  "The least of these": Meals on Wheels, the Trump budget, and the struggle over Matthew 25:40, by @pslopian… RT @YahooFinance: These states will take the most money out of your paycheck  Some Americans are refusing to pay their taxes in protest of President Trump  How a bunny, baskets, and eggs got connected with Easter  Former Afghan president Hamid Karzai calls decision to drop massive U.S. bomb "treason"  PHOTOS: Easter celebrations around the world  Parade of satire: Puck magazine Easter illustrations from cartooning's Gilded Age  Uulu, the oldest polar bear in the United States, has died at the San Francisco Zoo  Barry Loukaitis, the 1996 Washington school shooter, speaks out: "I've never apologized for what I've done"… Lower Colorado River tops list of most endangered in U.S.: ‘The future looks very bleak’  I survived the Boston Marathon bombing, and I'll be back this year — even if I have to walk  Emma Morano, who was believed to be the world's oldest person and the last to be born in the 19th century, has died… Tennessee couple arrested after bringing 3 grandchildren to heroin deal, police say  Vice President Mike Pence crashes shark wrangler's Florida fishing trip  Will President Trump go to church on Easter?  Slain Massachusetts jogger's hands had DNA that led to suspect's arrest  Trump claims immunity from protesters' lawsuit  RT @YahooSports: Isaiah Thomas' sister, Chyna, has died in a car crash in Washington. Explosives used in Borussia Dortmund attack may have come from German military, report says  Couple who met on Twitter have Twitter-themed wedding  Arkansas execution plan is a major test for drug secrecy measures  North Korea missile test fails, South Korea says  Trump claims immunity as president from protesters' lawsuit  Syrian rescue workers say at least 100 people were killed in a blast that ripped through a bus depot… Senators: America can do better on famine aid  VIDEO: 13 arrested as Trump protesters, supporters violently clash in Berkeley, Calif.  After months of waiting, April the giraffe finally gave birth  19 killed in Sri Lanka as massive mound of garbage collapses  Dodgers honor Jackie Robinson with statue on 70th anniversary of his debut  Former NFL tight end Todd Heap accidentally kills 3-year-old daughter while moving truck  Boston Marathon bombings — A look back four years later  The number of militants killed in the U.S. military MOAB attack has risen to 94, Afghan official says… Janet Jackson tweets first photo of newborn son  What it would cost to unify North and South Korea  Baby, mom, and grandpa fight life-threatening illnesses at once  I survived the Boston Marathon bombing, and I’ll be back this year — even if I have to walk  Tensions between U.S. and North Korea are elevated under two untested leaders  Tax Day protesters across the U.S. demand that Trump to release his tax returns  Feel the pain of the poor and immigrants, Pope Francis says at Easter Vigil  Vice President Mike Pence crashes shark wrangler's Florida fishing trip  At least 9 people have been arrested as fights break out between pro- and anti-Trump rallies  Will President Trump go to church on Easter?  Tennessee couple arrested after bringing 3 grandchildren to heroin deal, police say  RT @YahooSports: LeBron James and the Cavaliers begin their journey back to the NBA Finals against the Pacers. Who ya got? PHOTOS: Cave of fire and ice  Emma Morano, the world's oldest person, dies in Italy at age 117  Parade of satire: Puck magazine Easter illustrations from cartooning's Gilded Age  Islamic State militant linked to the deadly Charlie Hebdo attack could still be alive, Iraqi military says… Tax Day demonstrators demand that President Trump release tax returns  RT @YahooSports: Who will win the NBA Finals? @YahooBDL makes their picks:  Radiohead walks off the Coachella stage twice due to technical difficulties  Uulu, the oldest polar bear in the United States, has died at the San Francisco Zoo  On Asia trip, Vice President Pence may fill in the details on North Korea policy  Military seeks civilians with high-tech skills to fight ISIS  These states will take the most money out of your paycheck  Panicked commuters at New York's Penn Station stampede after false gunfire report  RT @YahooFinance: Mark Cuban thinks the world's first trillionaire will work in artificial intelligence  April 15 marks a celebration for North Korea, the anniversary of the birth of its founder, Kim Il Sung… Syrian rescue workers say at least 100 people were killed in a blast that ripped through a bus depot… Senators: America can do better on famine aid  Berlin Christmas market attacker got order directly from ISIS, report says  Easter celebrations around the world  Barry Loukaitis, the 1996 Washington school shooter, speaks out: "I've never apologized for what I've done"… RT @YahooSports: On Jackie Robinson Day, we look back at the last MLB players to wear his iconic No. 42. Dodgers to honor Jackie Robinson with statue on 70th anniversary of his debut  Trump and North Korea: Climbing the escalation ladder  RT @YahooFinance: These 6 systems will get rid of Wi-Fi dead spots in your house @Pogue  Boston Marathon bombings — A look back four years later  Former Afghan president Hamid Karzai calls decision to drop massive U.S. bomb "treason"  Dozens of people were killed in blast near evacuation buses, Syrian TV says  Throughout U.S. history, momentous events have had Biblical passages associated with them. What about the Trump era… North Korea rolls out missiles and other weaponry at parade  After months of waiting, #ApriltheGiraffe finally gave birth  Former Iranian President Ahmadinejad sees no threat from the U.S.  Trump Easter Egg Roll to kick off with a golden flair  The Mariners' toasted grasshoppers are so popular they're actually running out  16 killed in Sri Lanka as massive mound of garbage collapses  RT @YahooFinance: Live sports is no longer a good reason to pay for cable  The number of militants killed in the U.S. military MOAB attack has risen to 94, Afghan official says… Police stun gun causes stampede at N.Y.'s Penn Station  "Fox &amp; Friends" uses Toby Keith soundtrack for "mother of all bombs" explosion video  April the giraffe has given birth as more than a million people around the world watched live… Janet Jackson tweets first photo of newborn son  Former NFL tight end Todd Heap accidentally kills 3-year-old daughter while moving truck  A federal judge has granted a preliminary injunction requested by 7 inmates in Arkansas to block their executions… What it would cost to unify North and South Korea  How a bunny, baskets, and eggs got connected with Easter  WATCH LIVE: #ApriltheGiraffe is in labor  White House decides against releasing visitor records  RT @katiecouric: .@DeepakChopra meditates for two hours every day! But here's a quick guided on the go meditation. Try it out! 10-year-old boy credited with saving grandmother from house fire  I survived the Boston Marathon bombing, and I’ll be back this year — even if I have to walk  Throughout history, momentous events have had Biblical passages associated with them. What about the Trump era?… North Korea rolls out intercontinental ballistic missiles and other military hardware at massive parade… 911 caller in San Bernardino school shooting: "I'm scared"  Video released by the Department of Defense shows the "mother of all bombs" being dropped in Afghanistan… How North Korea developed into a nuclear power  Iraqi police fire at ISIS positions in Mosul and more: April 14 in photos  Tensions between U.S. and North Korea are elevated under two untested leaders  Marlins' rally cat "Don Cattingly" has a new home  Apple gets OK to test self-driving cars in California  An asteroid as big as the Rock of Gibraltar will streak past Earth at an uncomfortably close distance, NASA says… Multiple executions in Arkansas blocked after judge rules that the state can’t use lethal drug… RT @YahooSports: Former NFL tight end Todd Heap accidentally kills 3-year-old daughter while moving truck:  Baby, mom, and grandpa fight life-threatening illnesses at once  "Fox &amp; Friends" uses Toby Keith soundtrack for MOAB video: "That is what freedom looks like"  Nigeria marks 3 years since 276 Chibok schoolgirls were abducted by Boko Haram  Pentagon: No need for Trump’s approval to drop massive bomb  Bernie Sanders: Trump will be a one-term president  Video released by the Department of Defense shows the "mother of all bombs" being dropped in Afghanistan… 